README.md, before:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<div align="center">

  <h3><b>To Do List</b></h3>

</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)

  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)

- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Run tests](#run-tests)
  - [Deployment](#deployment)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [❓ FAQ (OPTIONAL)](#faq)
- [📝 License](#license)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 To Do List <a name="about-project"></a>

**To Do List** is an application that enables users to manage activities that they want to do by adding, editing and removing them.

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

<details>
  <summary>Client</summary>
  <ul>
    <li>HTML</li>
    <li>CSS</li>
    <li>Javascript</li>
  </ul>
</details>

<details>
  <summary>Tools</summary>
  <ul>
    <li>Visual studio code</li>
    
  </ul>
</details>

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- **Minimalistic**
- **User-friendly**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LIVE DEMO -->

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to set up and run the application you need:

- A code editor preferably Visual Studio Code
- A web browser preferably Google chrome.

Basic requirements are needed in order to fully understand how the project fully works :

- Basic knowledge of HTML, CSS, JS (JavaScript) and webpack.
- How to work with Git and GitHub.

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:

```sh
  cd my-folder
  git clone https://github.com/NoelLincoln/to-do-list.git
```

### Install

Install this project with:

```sh
  cd to-do-list
  npm install
```

### Usage

To run the project run :

    npm start

### Run tests

To run tests, run the following command:

- To test css files run:

```sh
  npx stylelint "**/*.{css,scss}"
```

- To test javascript files run:

```sh
  npx eslint .
```

### Deployment

You can deploy this project using [GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **Noel Bryant**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/NoelLincoln)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/NoelLincoln)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/noel-bryant/)
<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- [ ] **Add and remove activities**
- [ ] **Edit activities**
- [ ] **Reorder activities**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LIVE DEMO -->

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/NoelLincoln/to-do-list/issues).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project feel free to contact me.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

I would like to thank the entire Microverse community and family for the support and motivation.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## License

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

Commit message:

update readme with live demo link

README.md, after:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<div align="center">

  <h3><b>To Do List</b></h3>

</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)

  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
  - [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo)

- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Run tests](#run-tests)
  - [Deployment](#deployment)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [❓ FAQ (OPTIONAL)](#faq)
- [📝 License](#license)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 To Do List <a name="about-project"></a>

**To Do List** is an application that enables users to manage activities that they want to do by adding, editing and removing them.

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

<details>
  <summary>Client</summary>
  <ul>
    <li>HTML</li>
    <li>CSS</li>
    <li>Javascript</li>
  </ul>
</details>

<details>
  <summary>Tools</summary>
  <ul>
    <li>Visual studio code</li>
    
  </ul>
</details>

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- **Minimalistic**
- **User-friendly**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LIVE DEMO -->

## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>

The Live Demo of this Capstone Project is available now on GitHub Pages and Loom.

- Live Demo Link on [GitHub pages](https://noellincoln.github.io/to-do-list)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to set up and run the application you need:

- A code editor preferably Visual Studio Code
- A web browser preferably Google chrome.

Basic requirements are needed in order to fully understand how the project fully works :

- Basic knowledge of HTML, CSS, JS (JavaScript) and webpack.
- How to work with Git and GitHub.

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:

```sh
  cd my-folder
  git clone https://github.com/NoelLincoln/to-do-list.git
```

### Install

Install this project with:

```sh
  cd to-do-list
  npm install
```

### Usage

To run the project run :

    npm start

### Run tests

To run tests, run the following command:

- To test css files run:

```sh
  npx stylelint "**/*.{css,scss}"
```

- To test javascript files run:

```sh
  npx eslint .
```

### Deployment

You can deploy this project using [GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **Noel Bryant**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/NoelLincoln)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/NoelLincoln)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/noel-bryant/)
<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- [ ] **Add and remove activities**
- [ ] **Edit activities**
- [ ] **Reorder activities**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LIVE DEMO -->

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/NoelLincoln/to-do-list/issues).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project feel free to contact me.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

I would like to thank the entire Microverse community and family for the support and motivation.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## License

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
